add go guide for real time chat and a guide to use terratest with the same project (#639)
nitrictech/docs: docs/guides/terraform/terratest.mdx

> export const description =

Reviewer: change to using frontmatter, see other mdx files

Reviewer: Also add tags

	"github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/service/dynamodb"
	"github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/service/iam"
	"github.com/gruntwork-io/terratest/modules/terraform"
	"github.com/stretchr/testify/assert"
)

func TestTerraformResources(t *testing.T) {
	// Set Terraform options, specifying the directory with your Terraform configuration
	terraformOptions := &terraform.Options{
		TerraformDir: "../cdktf.out/stacks/my-websocket-app-dev",
	}

	// Ensure resources are destroyed after test completion
	defer terraform.Destroy(t, terraformOptions)

	// Initialize and apply the Terraform configuration
	terraform.InitAndApply(t, terraformOptions)

	// Initialize AWS session for interacting with AWS services
	sess := session.Must(session.NewSession(&aws.Config{Region: aws.String("us-east-2")}))

	// Test DynamoDB table creation (key-value store)
	dynamoClient := dynamodb.New(sess)
	tableName := "connections" // Name of the DynamoDB table to check
	_, err := dynamoClient.DescribeTable(&dynamodb.DescribeTableInput{
		TableName: aws.String(tableName),
	})
	assert.NoError(t, err, "Expected DynamoDB table 'connections' to be created")

	// Test IAM role creation
	iamClient := iam.New(sess)

> 	roleName := "go-realtime_services-hello" // Name of the IAM role to check

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	roleName := "my-websocket-app_websockets-main" // Name of the IAM role to check
```

	_, err = iamClient.GetRole(&iam.GetRoleInput{
		RoleName: aws.String(roleName),
	})

> 	assert.NoError(t, err, "Expected IAM role 'go-realtime_services-hello' to be created")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	assert.NoError(t, err, "Expected IAM role 'my-websocket-app_websockets-main' to be created")
```

---

> description: Use Terratest to validate the infrastructure of a Nitric GO project deployed with Terraform

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Use Terratest to validate the infrastructure of a Nitric Go project deployed with Terraform
```

tags:
  - Terraform
  - Testing
---

# Testing AWS resources with Terratest

This guide will walk you through adding [Terratest](https://terratest.gruntwork.io/) to a Nitric project.

## How Terratest works

Terratest is designed to automate the entire process of testing your Terraform code with the following steps:

- **Initialize**: Terratest will automatically run `terraform init` to initialize the Terraform working directory.
- **Apply**: It will then run `terraform apply` to deploy the infrastructure as defined in your Terraform code.
- **Assert**: The test script will then run assertions to check that the infrastructure was created as expected.
- **Teardown**: Finally, it will run `terraform destroy` to tear down the infrastructure after the test completes.

## What we'll be doing

1. Create and set up your application.
2. Deploying to AWS with a Terraform provider.
3. Add and execute Terratest.

## Create and set up your application.

Our sample project creates a real-time communication service using [WebSockets](/websockets) and a [key-value store](/keyvalue) for connections.

We intend to deploy to AWS and will use Terratest to ensure that the following:

> - **API Gateway WebSocket**: Confirm that the websocket endpoint is correctly configured for real-time communication.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **WebSocket API**: Confirm that the API Gateway WebSocket API is correctly configured for real-time communication.
```

- **DynamoDB Table**: Verify that the key-value store for connections is created and operational.
- **IAM Roles**: Ensure that permissions for interacting with AWS services are correctly set up.

Let's start by creating a new project for our application.

```bash
nitric new my-websocket-app go-starter
```

### Application code

Replace the contents of `services\hello.go` with our websockets application.

> ```go

Reviewer 3: Maybe replace this with two options:

- follow the existing guide and come back once complete
- clone this github repo with a pre-built nitric project

Author: I've added the reference to the existing guide 
The clone option requires a sparse checkout from the examples repo - lets chat about how we can make this easier.

	ws.On(websockets.EventType_Disconnect, func(ctx *websockets.Ctx) {
		err := connections.Delete(context.TODO(), ctx.Request.ConnectionID())
		if err != nil {
			return
		}
	})

	// Handle incoming messages by broadcasting them to all other connections.
	ws.On(websockets.EventType_Message, func(ctx *websockets.Ctx) {
		connectionStream, err := connections.Keys(context.TODO())
		if err != nil {
			return
		}
		senderId := ctx.Request.ConnectionID()

		for {
			connectionId, err := connectionStream.Recv()
			if err != nil {
				break
			}

			if connectionId == senderId {
				continue
			}

			message := fmt.Sprintf("%s: %s", senderId, ctx.Request.Message())
			err = ws.Send(context.TODO(), connectionId, []byte(message))
			if err != nil {
				return
			}
		}
	})

	nitric.Run()
}
```

## Deploying to AWS with a Terraform provider

To deploy your application with Terraform you'll need to use Nitric's Terraform providers. You can learn more about using Nitric with Terraform [here](/providers/terraform).

```
nitric stack new dev aws-tf
```

Update this newly created stack file to include your target region:

> ```yaml

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```yaml title:nitric.dev.yaml
```

# The nitric provider to use
provider: nitric/awstf@1.11.6

# The target aws region to deploy to
region: us-east-2
```

The Nitric Terraform providers are currently in preview, to enable them you'll need to enable beta-providers in your Nitric project. You can do this by adding the following to your project's `nitric.yaml` file:

> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```yaml title:nitric.yaml
```

preview:
  - beta-providers
```

> Once you've created your Nitric stack, you can generate the Terraform code by running the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once you've created your stack file, you can generate the Terraform code by running the following command:
```

```
nitric up
```

> This will generate the Terraform code for your Nitric application into a folder named `cdktf.out` by default.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This will generate Terraform code which can deploy your application. The output will be in a folder named `cdktf.out` by default.
```

## Add and execute Terratest

Add the necessary dependencies for Terratest:

```bash
go get github.com/gruntwork-io/terratest/modules/terraform
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/aws
go get github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/aws/session
go get github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/service/apigatewayv2
go get github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/service/dynamodb
go get github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/service/iam
go get google.golang.org/genproto@latest

> 

Reviewer 3: missing the closing backticks

### Create the Test File

Create a new file named `terraform_resources_test.go` in your project’s test directory:

```bash
mkdir -p test
touch test/terraform_resources_test.go
```

Add the following code to `terraform_resources_test.go`:

> ```go

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```go title:test/terraform_resources_test.go
```
